I saw a [ __ ] sign drawn on like this
public utility thing I said not your mom
I built a picture of a cow's head like
Bessie wouldn't
not your mom not your milk
I'm gonna talk for just a couple seconds
both Kevin Smith and then I'm gonna play
you the clip of what he had to say in
full about his encounter with the
concept of veganism and how he basically
slunk his way out of thinking about it
and taking responsibility for his
actions that sounds a little too harsh
doesn't it should I start again
no um drinking that white juice drinking
that bark some of you may wonder why
even bother paying attention to what
Kevin Smith has to say about a political
issue an ethical issue in this case
veganism isn't Kevin Smith just a clown
well for one thing in this day and age
everyone pays attention to what clowns
have to say clowns are quite powerful
and influential people and a successful
filmmaker like Kevin Smith's an example
of that for another I've got to tell you
I believe in what you could be called
descriptive egalitarianism is to say I
don't believe in prescriptive
egalitarian don't believe in it is some
kind of ideal to be aspired to but I
think it's really important that we talk
about human equality in the here and now
as it actually exists to give you an
example as you can tell by looking at my
face I'm pretty old for a university
student and no getting a second
university degree every day I talked to
both students and professors and some of
those professors talked to me as an
equal just cuz of my age and experience
they talk to me like I'm one of their
friends and some of the students talk to
me as an equal but in that intermediate
position one of the things that strikes
me again and again is that the students
and professors tend to assume that
they're living in tremendously different
worlds that they don't have the same
concerns they don't the same
frustrations and all the time I mean
most of these people they're at about
the same level of intelligence they have
very much the same concerns they have
very much the same frustrations with the
institution of the university itself and
the real underlying equality the
descriptive a Galit arianism situation
and
the irony's that come out of that are
often striking to me now in the same way
before I come back to Kevin Smith let's
look at a clip here from renowned
intellectual Noam Chomsky Noam Chomsky
is considered by some people a genius
he's considered by some people an idiot
but no matter what you think of him he's
one of the more influential political
opinion makers of our day a professor at
linguistics and who's written various
books on politics here's what he has to
say there's an opportunity cost of it
vegetarianism like personally I'm not a
vegetarian but the main route although I
almost never eat meat but the reason is
just a lot of time for time to think
about I don't want to think about I just
pick up whatever saves me time I don't
like I don't think we should have a
factory farming the free-range
businesses mostly Joe yeah
so my point here is somebody like Kevin
Smith and somebody like Noam Chomsky
whom you might want to imagine being in
completely different categories in terms
of their intellectual ability or
influence the world really there's an
underlying equality there that some
perhaps something uncomfortable for us
to admit to ourselves maybe we'd like to
think that the people we categorize as
leaders of public opinion are somehow
much better than ourselves or at least
much better than Kevin Smith but they're
not I saw I saw a [ __ ] sign in New
York maybe not in New York I hear you
California made me feel really bad
because I drink a lot of milk if you're
going a gallon a half of milk a day
poor little cows are rolling around a
field going like we're so understand I'm
like I'm not I've had videos in the past
here basically poking fun at Richard
Dawkins another kind of renowned and
respect intellectual Sam Harris and just
lately some of the other leaders in the
new atheist intellectual movement
because despite the fact those guys
describe themselves as great moral
and so on in reality they wrestle with
the same questions we all wrestle with
and if you're a vegan a lot of what they
have disabled remind you of thoughts and
considerations you had maybe when you
were like 12 years old I saw a [ __ ]
sign drawn on like this public utility
thing and I said not your mom hilt a
picture of a cow's head like Bessie
Borden cow or not your mom not your milk
really made me think dark is that I'm
like I'm just enjoying this I looked
over simple milk I'm like I guess you're
right look do they lie to me do we have
to kill cows for this milk now I guess
that's weird I never really thought
about that because when we were kids
they just [ __ ] to drink your [ __ ]
milk always yeah all those commercials
swore that if you didn't drink Billy er
you go to hell or something
so we all [ __ ] drank milk but then I
find somebody's mom it's weird don't you
really want cereal but no but like some
laughs know what your mind is going
without God looking at me through the
window going you have so much chief
teats you could even eat cheese steaks
we can't that'd be weird we have is good
yeah man that's [ __ ] makes me sick
in this case you can pretty much see
that neither Noam Chomsky nor Kevin
Smith are willing to do the thinking as
chops he said simply I don't want to
think about it as Kevin Smith said oh
it's really dark and he's joking but
yeah it's dark just thinking it through
just looking at the evidence just
figuring out the answer to the very
simple question that even a shell could
ask where does milk come from yeah
finding out the answer involves
suffering and of course the actual
production of milk involves quite a lot
more so I still tasting [ __ ] you first
yeah really like every man for himself
cows include
no [ __ ] [ __ ] milk does a body good
that's how I talk cow looks like why
well because like his face just drink it
I don't but you know what I don't even
waste it my one of those guests I drink
I know their cows out there they like
[ __ ] prick at least I'm drinking it
some got thrown out [ __ ] milk never
expires my house yes so there I'm just